>> Steve Kinney: Hello, my name is Steve,
and I work at a company called SendGrid.
Our major cash cow is providing an API
that sends a billion emails a day.
I do not work on that API.
[LAUGH] I work on a WYSIWYG editor for
making emails that's built in React, and
build on top of that.
We're gonna talk a little bit today about
building applications using React and
using Node, with a little special twist.
We talk about them in terms of building
them on some infrastructure that can
support not only your first user,
but your first 10,000 users or
your first 10 million users.
We're gonna talk about building React and
Node applications quickly on
a powerful infrastructure, right?
We're gonna look at
Amazon Web Services and
see that we can actually use a lot of
these tools to build our applications and
deploy them with relatively little
effort compared to what we might think.
Me, personally,
when I'm building an application,
it all starts out with hopes and dreams.
It starts out with, I have this great
idea for an app, you design it, you start
thinking about filling up a swimming pool
full of money after it goes viral, and
it's gonna be really great.
And then you have to start worrying
about things like deployment.
Or you have the fact that it's
starting to timeout because you are so
popular, and all of a sudden
you're getting crushed with all of
your new friends that want
to use your application.
Because doing this stuff, and doing this
stuff at scale, is difficult, right?
And one of the things that Amazon
learned is they can figure that out and
then they can rent it out to us
to use it so we don't have to.
We can do a lot of the parts that make
our applications really special, right?
There are exceptions, but
usually, just having off does not make
people love your application, right?
Definitely being able to reach
it if it does get very popular
is incredibly important, but
there's a whole bunch of non-glamorous
parts that don't make our apps special.
And what we can do is leverage these
services to focus on what makes our
products and our applications unique and
to kind of outsource all of the rest.
So this is a course on building React
applications with Node backends on AWS.
And we're gonna take
a look at a bunch of very,
very new tools on the AWS platform
that we'll talk about in a little bit.